{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17360\viewh24220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Where I Work\

\b0\fs24 Description: Where I Work is an app that allows the user to view places near them on a map that could be good for working. These places may include coworking spaces, coffee shops, libraries, or other places and business. When the app loads the user is shown a \ul map view that is zoomed into their current location\ulnone . The user will see \ul red pins\ulnone  indicating locations entered by the system and where the user has not rated or entered any information about the location. In addition after a user rates or saves a location that location will display as a \ul blue pin\ulnone  on the map. In the top right corner of the app there will be an \ul add button\ulnone  that allows the user to enter a new location. Clicking on either the add button or a pin on the map will navigate the user to the \ul rate this location page.\ulnone  The rate this location page allows the user to rate the business based on a variety of factors. The user can rate based on noise level, number of electrical outlets, wifi strength and speed, cost of menu items, seating availability and comfort, menu options available (i.e. coffee and drinks only, light snacks, lunch, full menu), type of business (library, coffee shop, bar, etc) and other general notes. All ratings will be a range of 0-5 and the system will validate that the user entered valid numbers. In addition the user will have the option to select the color of the map pin for this new location, from a pre defined list. The user will be able to navigate back to the map view without saving the new location if they choose. Also, there will be a save button on the right side of the tool bar. When the save button is pressed the new location and rating information will be saved to local storage and the user will be taken back to the map view where the new pin will be shown. The system entered locations will be taken from public APIs. When the user clicks on a pin any information about that location will be displayed on the rating page.\
\

\b Requirements
\b0 \
\

\i User Interface: 
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}Does the app contain a user interface with multiple pages of content?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}This requirement will be satisfied by navigating between the map view and the add new location / rate location page\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2)	}Does the app user more than one type of control?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The map view will contain pins of different colors, user location icon and an add new location button.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The rating page will contain multiple different user controls, including: text inputs, labels, map view, save button, cancel button, segmented control, and a range control (could be drop down or picker)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Networking:
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}Does the app interact with a networked API that provides the app with data?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Upload loading the app will make service calls out to the YELP public API to load the initial data\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}If the user enters a brand new location with an address a service call will be made to retrieve some basic information about that address (business name, lat/long, hours, contact information, etc)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2)	}Is the networking code in the app encapsulated into networking classes?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}There will be a separate class that the map view controller calls in order to load all pins. This separate class will then call out to the APIs as well as load data from local storage.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3)	}Does the user interface clearly indicate network activity, particularly in situation where the user is waiting for data?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The network activity indicator icon will be used while network service calls are being made and processed.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\i Core Data:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	1)	}Does the app store persistent state in Core Data?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}All user entered locations and ratings will be saved to Core Data for retrieval when app loads\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}